In our last section we just wrote our new Togo card hidden mutation on our client side.
So what we need to do now is replace any use of the card hidden toggling from our redux actions as well
as any components that are listening for the hidden value on our card reducer.
We want to replace it now with our use of Apollo's client side state management.
So what we'll do is we'll actually modify our header component so that it doesn't use the select card
hidden selector that we have.
So let's just remove that from our map states props but we won't remove our maps that's a prop set of
course because we have not modified our select current user and current user reducer storage.
So we do want our application to break.
Now we're going to make a new header dot container dot ASX and we'll import all those things that we're
used to importing now for our graph fuel containers let's import in react from react.
We need to import in our query component from reactive Paulo.
We also need to import in GQ El from Apollo boost.
And then finally we need to import in our header component.
Now the actual definition for our head our container is just going to be querying for that card hidden
and our cart hit and query is actually the same one that we have here.
So we can just actually copy this over and use it as the query value for a query.
Now we can easily put these in a different file and pull them in but it's easier I find to be able to
visually see what it is that we're actually using as our graph.
Q I'll query so we're going to set our new cost as our header container which is going to be equal to
this functional component that returns back the query where the query goes to get card hidden and because
again of this client directive we're looking for card hidden on our local cache.
It's not going to go to the back end to try and find some card hidden value inside of our database.
Now in the function we'll get back our data and off that data we're gonna get our cart hit in value
and what we want to do is return the header component where hidden goes to card hidden.
So now our header component is receiving the hidden value from our new query so let's export out our
header container and let's replace our use of it inside of our app J.S. with our new header.
So default as a header from header container.
So now hopefully nothing is broken our code still works.
We need to now modify our click to fire our new mutation.
So how do we do that is we're going to modify the cart icon component to use our new toggle car hit
a mutation instead of our redux action so let's just get rid of this one remove it from the map.
Dispatch
and again we stop to keep the map states a props because we haven't done the item count yet either but
what we're going to do is we are now going to use our mutation inside of the car icon container Dutch
ASX.
So the mutation is similar to the query in the sense that instead of getting a query component we are
going to use a mutation component that we get from react Apollo.
So let's in part react from react and let's import in that new mutation component from react Apollo.
Now this mutation component is going to behave almost identically to the query component in the sense
that instead of passing a query to it we're just going to pass a mutation query right our mutation GQ
Wall Street.
So let's see what that looks like.
So we're going to important Carl Icahn from Carl Icahn component and then we're going to write out our
new toggle cart hidden value.
Now the way that this thing is going to look is that we are going to write it the same way toggle cart
hidden right as we did when we wrote our queries except we're gonna set it equal to this GQ Elle where
we're calling the mutation that we have defined in our typed FS which is a capital toggle cart hit in
and then what we're going to get back is the toggle cart hidden mutation that we wrote inside of our
resolve.
So if you remember here the actual resolve our close all these has it as lowercase.
So that's what we're going to pass through into here and we're gonna get this from the client now finally
we're just going to define the actual container cart icon container is equal to this functional component
that returns us are mutation component receiving our mutation query toggle cart hit in and how we receive
it is going to be just inside of a function but we don't have to pull it off because all we're getting
is the mutation.
So if we just call it toggle cart hit in here right.
We can name it whatever we want but this is pretty much what we're getting as the parameter from this
function so here we are going to pass this into Carl Icahn as the toggle cart hidden value and then
we're gonna export out our cart icon container as the default
and then we're just going to replace it in our head component and now where we had Carl Icahn we are
going to switch it out for our container using our default as pattern and now if we save we should see
that it should work now so that's it.
There we go.
We've pretty much managed to get our code working using the new pattern that we have so every time we
fire off our mutation our mutation will update our actual value.
Right.
The one that we've set right here inside of our initial right data then when ever that value updates
all of our containers will refresh because they're listening for that value right.
Anything that's pulled that cart hit in value into their components will end up rendering.
So that's really good because it pretty much mimics the redux flow that we're used to where whenever
we update the state the state will then update anything that is subscribed to it using a selector so
in a similar way we've pretty much managed to mimic what redux solves in its local state management
with our new resolve pattern albeit it is more verbose to write.
This is the way that Apollo does it so hopefully that made more sense once we saw it in action.
We'll definitely get more practice with writing more mutations and what we're gonna do next is we are
going to update our ad item feature that we were using redux for into our new client side.
Apollo local state management so we'll do that in the next lesson.